# Executive Summary

The advent of the internet brought a new for people to share their ideas. Sites for all sorts of hobbies and ways of thinking were created to form communities. Many of these of communities have focused in on writing open source software to set a standard and make it so we do not have to keep reinventing the wheel. This is great news because open sourcing allows for different mindsets to take part in making something that suits everyone. Even better news is that businesses can save money in using open source software and reduce their costs of research and development, and thus provide a better, more standardized. and cheaper product to consumers. However, precautions must be taken by the company to make sure they want to use some open source software.

The motivation behind using the system in the dfd file and the need for its implementation is so that a company can prepare itself to use open source software. Open source software can only be used if it has license and if you follow the policies laid out by those licenses. Some companies may not be okay with some of the requirements that a license has. Another thing that this system design looks to take care of making sure the open source software does not have any critical vulnerabilities in it. In order to implement this system an organization must be willing to structure itself. This could include things such as open source software training and setting up policies in the company to show what is software is okay to use and which is not. The organization needs managers to be authority figures and to control the policies so that they align with the best interests of the organization. Another thing organizations need to be mindful of is the social responsibility that comes with using open source software. By using software the community allowed access to, the organizations should help in the maintenance of the software, lest the community abandons it. Using open source can have far reaching impacts, but as long as an organization takes responsibility and implements a system such as the one in the dfd file, everyone can only benefit from it.
